README.md, before:


    
# README Vending Machine
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/coderjake91/README-vending-machine)

## License

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/coderjake91/README-vending-machine)

## Description
    
Node CLI application that generates professional README(s)


## Screenshot

![screenshot](./assets/images/README.jpg)
        

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)
    
## Installation

install Node, then npm package manager, then run npm install

## Usage

run npm start from the app directory, then follow the CLI prompts, get README!

## Credits

*[@coderjake2](https://github.com/coderjake2)


## Contributing

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

## Tests
no current test method

## Questions

Please send additional questions to [@coderjake91](https://github.com/coderjake91), email: coderjake@email.com

Commit message:

final changes to the README-template and index.js prompts, added generated README to the root directory for display in the project repo

README.md, after:


    
# README Vending Machine
![GitHub top language](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/coderjake91/README-vending-machine)

## License

![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/coderjake91/README-vending-machine)

## Description
    
Quickly generate high quality README files for open source GitHub projects using this node powered CLI application.


## Screenshot

![Application Screenshot](./assets/images/README.jpg)
        

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)
* [Tests](#tests)
* [Questions](#questions)
    
## Installation

Make sure the latest version of Node.js is installed on your local machine, clone the repository, navigate to the root directory of the project folder and run npm install

## Usage

Initiate the app by running npm start or node index, follow the commandline prompts, get your generated README from the 'dist' folder

## Credits

*[@coding-boot-camp](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp)


## Contributing

[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)

## Tests
no current test method

## Questions

Please send additional questions to [@coderjake91](https://github.com/coderjake91), email: jacob.b.frazer@gmail.com
